Updates Introduction Docs (#340)
kubernetes-sigs/service-apis: docs-src/index.md

# Introduction

> Service APIs is the evolution of Kubernetes APIs that relate to services, e.g. Ingress,

Reviewer: Nit: Capitalization feels inconsistent here. I think it should be `Services` if you're referring to Service resources and not a more generic concept.

Feel free to disregard this suggestion, but it might be worth splitting this up into two sentences:

```suggestion
This project represents the evolution of Kubernetes APIs that relate to Services, including the Ingress API. These APIs are an official Kubernetes [SIG-NETWORK][sig-network] subproject. 
```

Author: @robscott commit `cc70ce7` implements your feedback above.
